fix broken link (#817)
ethereum/trin: book/src/developers/quick_setup.md

  'dataRadius': '115792089237316195423570985008687907853269984665640564039457584007913129639935'}}
```

> See the [JSON-RPC API docs](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/) for other standard methods that are implemented. You can use the [web3.py](https://web3py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/web3.eth.html#module-web3.eth) API to access these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [JSON-RPC API docs](https://playground.open-rpc.org/?schemaUrl=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ethereum/portal-network-specs/assembled-spec/jsonrpc/openrpc.json&uiSchema%5BappBar%5D%5Bui:splitView%5D=false&uiSchema%5BappBar%5D%5Bui:input%5D=false&uiSchema%5BappBar%5D%5Bui:examplesDropdown%5D=false) for other standard methods that are implemented. You can use the [web3.py](https://web3py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/web3.eth.html#module-web3.eth) API to access these.
```

``https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/`` isn't the docs for our JSON-RPC, the one I put in the suggestions would lead to ours

Author: Okay, thanks for pointing that out.
